Zhang Xiao, what's wrong?
Our Zhang family's stock in your night market group
All were acquired
And they are all sniper spikes.
All bought at the lowest price
How is that possible?
In such a short time
How did he manage it?
From now on
Night Market Group Official Glass Drum with Zhang Family
Zhang Shao from now on
You have nothing to do with the night market group
The door is over there please
How could this be?
That's impossible.
How do you manage it?
The stock ownership ratio of my Zhang family's printing bet is
I killed all 2 billion
What right do you have to ask me?
I say one last time, get out
Ok ok you wait for me
Zhang Sheng
Pardon me?
Been shorted
What about night market stocks?
It's all gone.
The door is over there please
I didn't expect one-night work for more than ten years
As it turned out today
Mr. Ye shouldn't be operating behind your back, right?
Even me
Do you think I can do it in such a short time?
Who is it?
Hey
Do not come
Here we go.
It's your turn.